good afternoon hello good afternoon tense
here of cold winter with sun but cold
let's talk today about tactics but that
it is necessary to have a tactic one
good tactic or what is the tactic that
It depends on the player
It is technique that you have to be able to do
one or another thing and to be able
there are exercises to work to be able
the exercises you do on the track
we say that what you train is
the trips if you do not train it you can have
the talent to do it but if not
you will train much better
of the four rings
it means we're going to do what we're going to
put 4 hours on track and go to
try to change or catch the opponent
to contrarpié in fact it is a good
Tactics if you are able to do it
what we are going to do today is how to make
change the player make two directions
two directions that way moves to
player to the side makes him a
contrapié moves it towards the other makes it
another against foot this is one of the
exercises that way you always have
your opponent in motion requires
that you can change the address very well
but if you do not work it
it does
now it cuts a long change of
address one short one long
it's a tactic
to have a player always in
movement is a kind of tactics other
kind of tactics is what we are
watching here
5 1 circle 2
circle 3 circle 4 to each circle you
we give a number 1 2 3 and 4 and mentally
in the points you do it in four
four strokes and you think what numbers you're going
to do
for example 1
two short three
and four lengths that way always
you have the player in motion we are going to
see it one long two short backhand three
on the other side four there
we see it from right 1 2 3 and 4 and so what
you are working depending on what
player are you can do one or the other
thing now we explain the types the
four types of players